 Nevertheless, a central bank that depended on being bailed out repeatedly would not be very credible.
 We must also do away with aid policies, which are equivalent to giving fish to people living on the bank of the river, as the saying goes, instead of helping them to make fishing rods.
 I am totally in support of the idea outlined by Mr Ferber regarding the setting up of an interinstitutional recruitment office because I believe it will help reduce costs and reduce competition between the institutions in attracting new personnel.
 The main argument put forward by the United States in this context is that the present provisions are, they say, incompatible with international trade law.
 The agreement on CO2 emissions from cars is a bow to the car industry and it only serves to confirm that the EU's promises in relation to climate change are not worth the paper they are written on.
 Ladies and gentlemen, many of you are wearing the little red bow at this time.
 Having the nationality of a given Member State and wanting to attend a football match are not sufficient grounds for being turned back at the border.
 The Internet is a powerful tool, without borders, open to all, and it gives everyone access to a pool of knowledge and documents and an ability to exchange information that have never been equalled in the history of humanity.
 It appears that the limit set by the directive would restrict a car driver to six hours work, a tractor driver to two or three hours and a brush cutter to 15 minutes.
 In my opinion, this report is an opportunity to thank Alexander Stubb for his efforts to give some impetus to the Baltic region, which is actually a driver of modernisation in Northern Europe, and in this case could even be a driver of modernisation for the entire European Union.
 New technology is not the key to the future; we need non-conventional thinking in all fields, in firms as well as in public administration.
 Neither does it make sense to criminalise a series of activities - those of critics, journalists, intellectuals or teachers, who, as a result of simple meeting, may end up 'behind bars' - or that of an innocent user of the broadcast media that Internet technology provides us with these days, as a result of which, by pressing a key at a particular time, one may find oneself accused of a criminal infringement.
 Mr David O' Sullivan, for instance, will take up his post by rotation as provided for under the Staff Regulations and equally as provided for under the Staff Regulations, Mr Ricardo Levi is a temporary official and moves with his post to his new position.
 The FPÖ party is established in Austria' s political landscape.
 I should be concerned to think that the Commission had in fact made no attempts to use its imagination and commitment, thinking that it would be unseemly to spoil the party – a party that involves so many economic and advertising interests.
 We ought to throw a party when the figure reaches 100% in the near future, which is indeed what the new Convention is aiming at.
 In Italy, Commissioner Liikanen, Goodyear is not carrying out restructuring but closing a plant whose production covers 14% of the market and which Goodyear itself defined as, 'having the most highly-skilled workforce of all its plants', a plant which was opened with a total of EUR 85 million of European capital.
 They think it is just another piece of paper saying how wonderful they are.
 We cannot even find a statistical table of the numbers of refugees currently residing in the various countries of Europe.
 At half-time millions of kettles are turned on to make a cup of tea - for those who have not been drinking beer since the start of the match at least.
 It may also be the case that a cup of cocoa and a bedtime story are essential for everyone but this is not something which should be done at EU level.
 If you go down to the Sheraton in Kampala, you pay one thousand Ugandan shillings for one single cup of coffee.
 I can tell you that we have carried out an assessment of the results of police cooperation during the football world cup in Germany, the conclusions of which we will publish, and there will then be a debate in which, in my view, the European Parliament should be fully involved.
 Perhaps we should launch a plan for a transatlantic football cup in Feira.
 The German approach is no guarantee that this radical movement will not grow again.
 Where the Community can step in is to put the local activators in touch with each other so that they can actually not reinvent the wheel in every region.
 I remember the time when an elderly person came into my father's bar, where I worked when I was a child, and asked for a glass of milk, saying, I drank milk when I was born and I want to die drinking milk.
 Mr President, Minister, ladies and gentlemen, I will do my best to be very brief, not least because I have already made one speech today in this House and because Mr Rato y Figaredo has already given a detailed explanation of events as regards Lisbon. With any luck, this will also mean that I do not need the Presidential glass of water.
 But is it right that the tax systems of our States should benefit every single time we drink a glass of wine?
 Research is particularly essential with regard also to the EU' s next round of enlargement.
 They will be adopting an anti-secession law, intended to back up a possible military strike against Taiwan.
 Right now, there are two people on hunger strike in Tunisia because they want passports in order to be able to travel, specifically a publisher, the wife of Mr Ksila who was one of the people nominated for the Sakharov Prize.
 The latter Commissioner-designate has emerged from a select band of people who will scarcely go down in history as the most assiduous defenders of justice or as unrivalled promoters of freedoms.
 They see the UK like that explorer in the jungle who, when the band of explorers froze at the sight of a tiger ready to pounce on them, slowly took off his jungle boots and slipped on a pair of running shoes.
 It is not good enough that, for example, the Council’s brass band starts and finishes at the same time; the tune should also be worth listening to.
 Against this, let me put to you the liberal idea, which certainly does not represent a particularly strong attack on the power of the state, that there are things which are simply no concern of government, such as the flavour of jam people like to eat, how many layers of clothing they wear in winter or which narcotic substance they like to smoke, sniff, drink or inject.
 The European industry must use its influence to ensure that transgenic soya is supplied separately, because that industry is a very large customer and must be able to insist that the Americans, for example, send us the transgenic soya beans separately from the ordinary ones, because in this way the raw transgenic bean can be labelled.
 The speech demonstrated that the political elites’ claim to be listening to the people of Europe is as phoney as the latest suggestion of a cosmetic stunt of dropping the title ‘Constitution’.
 In that event we would not have moved forward, but rather backwards, in the application of competition policy in the Union.
 A few days ago Mr Racan announced that Croatia' s formal membership application would be presented at the end of 2000.
 But I am also aware that this is a poker game and I am a rotten poker player.
 Otherwise, we shall have a situation where on one half of the field a game of tennis is being played but on the other a game of rugby.
 Indeed, a former Shetland Islands MEP was fond of pointing out that the nearest mainline railway station to Shetland is in fact Bergen.
 In return, an old police station located in Ras Al-Amud, in the centre of the Arab quarter of East Jerusalem, will be handed over.
 His radio station Moscow Echo was selected by President Clinton a few days ago for the only substantive interview that he gave to a Russian outlet.
 In my country, a television station recently presented a docu-drama on the reception of poor Dutch elderly people in an African country where the care is more efficient because wages in the care sector are lower.
 The ordinary Iraqi family's purchase, even of one bar of soap, was politically directed and controlled.
 Above all, Madam President - and here I will end - we must be able to express this in plain language, clearly, by changing to some extent the jargon which we use, because we cannot ask the Europeans, who are living through profound changes, to take part and show enthusiasm towards us if we continue to use a form of language which they find completely inaccessible.
 A short time ago, we, along with eight other Member States and another non-Member State, which also happens to have platforms and engages in oil exploration and drilling - Norway - took the initiative to sign, all 10 of us, an agreement to jointly build a wind farm in the North Sea.
 As I speak, French ski instructors and authorities have prevented a single British ski instructor from working in the French Alps.
 If I take Italy – which at the moment holds the presidency of the European Union – as an example, in February 1999 the Italian Supreme Court overturned on appeal, a court verdict which had found a male driving instructor guilty of raping his 18-year-old student.
 In most Member States, the post office is no longer a branch of the government, but a commercial enterprise operating under commercial law.
 So it is somewhat upsetting that there is not so much as a mention of this branch of the economy is this paper.
 A final point, Mr President. You have offered the Council an olive branch in the form of practical and pragmatic dialogue.
 This region is, of course, marked by criminality, hatred and conflicts, but if we do not even send two-thirds of the police officers we have promised to the area, so that a whole shift is missing in this crisis region, and on top of that there is no night shift, and all this happens simply because we are not meeting our own obligations, then we can scarcely point the finger of blame at others. Instead we should now ensure that we build up this region' s police force and administration.
 What you propose would be a bit like the automobile industry reducing or abolishing the Christmas break and organising an extra shift to increase the stockpile of cars.
 Whenever some states misbehave we ask the Commission to do something, but the Commission cannot do very much and I am not convinced that Mr Frattini’s information drive will help.
 Sometimes a moment of crisis brings new fluidity: Hizbollah’s statement conceding it had neither planned nor anticipated the conflict, the prisoners’ initiative, the possible national unity government for Palestine and the recognition by Israeli politicians and public alike of the failings of unilateralism must presage a diplomatic drive to return to a negotiated solution.
 I am sure that he is aware of the very serious threat to the European model which is based on family farming, mainly those farmers involved in beef and sheepmeat production who are now expected to sell their produce at or below production costs.
 We understand that the first priority is the economic and social agenda, which also includes what is known as 'quality of life' priorities, that is to say, the rights of citizens as consumers and as people, in relation to those questions which we always talk about, but never give sufficient priority to, that is, the European social model and its adaptation to the new circumstances, consumer rights, respect for the environment and sustainable development.
 An average productivity increase of 2% requires a growth rate of 3.5% for full employment to be able to be achieved within ten years.
 But this also serves to make a claim, on the part of the European Union, for a degree of political participation in the process which is consistent with its economic contribution - we do not have aspirations to be bankers - and which will be suitably visible to the public.
 One might describe it as the of a menu, the main course of which is yet to be served.
 But incineration has to be considered as a last resort and - as has been said already - waste reduction, re-use and recycling are the main things we should be striving for.
 The income obtained by districts and businesses, particularly in the Małopolska province, constitutes a significant contribution to the development of the region and its attractiveness as a health resort and tourism destination.
 An example here could be the field of education, which will deserve and need special support in the ACP states in future.
 I hope this is a solution which the Council can also endorse, for an immediate and unconditional inclusion of these events will hardly do justice to the general belief that music - whether in the concert hall or the night-club - is noise and should therefore be treated restrictively from the outset.
 I am not talking about the standard blood transfusion service that comes around to your church hall and you pop in for half an hour, have a cup of tea, and go back to work.
 The production line was invented about a hundred years ago, I believe, by Henry Ford and what we are proposing to do here is to create a sort of nineteenth century production line in reverse - to dismantle vehicles, to take the pieces apart and seek to recycle them.
 Mr. President, they say it is better to give a fishing rod than a fish.
 You are the only person who ever decided, when President-in-Office of the Council, to enter an election campaign by founding, in a fit of megalomania which finds no parallel in the history of western democracy, a party which bears your own name.
 One thousand and fifty passengers are denied boarding in Europe every year despite having a valid ticket in their pockets.
 This would certainly be a key element if we are to be able to act within a time frame similar to that available to other economic authorities.
 An improvised explosive device is an explosive device used frequently in unconventional warfare or asymmetrical warfare by commando forces, guerrillas and terrorists.
 I also support the joint declaration from the Commission, Council and Parliament concerning the members of the management board of the authority.
 We are neither an assembly of managers nor a board of directors seeking the maximum in bureaucratic efficiency.
 All those safeguards are now gone and, providing the extradition form has been filled out correctly, a British citizen can be shipped off with as little ceremony as posting a parcel.
 If I lodge EUR 10 000 in my bank account in Ireland, the bank manager is obliged to ask me where the money came from.
 As a Member, I am sick and tired of cheap jokes about the 'gravy train': let us recall that the basic salary we, the UK Members, receive is, so I am told, about the same as that of a decent-sized supermarket manager in a provincial town.
 A clear majority of consumers feel uncertain of their position on the dance floor of trade.
 The social package represents the insurance policy for the future of the Union and it is essential for its long-term development.
 Therefore, we support the establishment of an agricultural and rural development policy which is consistent with the objectives we have set. We want rural areas, at the dawn of the 21st century, to be competitive and multi-functional, both with regard to agriculture and with regard to opening up to the diversity of non-agricultural activities.
 As a follow-up to this debate, the Commission recently asked the Council to submit a proposal for a regulation to enhance the security of this category of visas, by including a digital photograph on these, so that we can ensure that the passport holder really is the person to whom the document was issued.
 I hope that next time, also if any other airline company is involved, things will run more smoothly.
 The European Union could not substitute itself for the mining company for any compensation payments due.
 Mr President, together with those who submitted the joint resolution, I, too, would like to express my deepest sympathy to the relatives of the Kursk nuclear submarine crew who died.
 Sufficient regulation is already in place, which does not allow on board hand baggage which cannot be safely stowed - I can vouch for that as a cabin crew member for 26 years.
 The truth of the matter though is that we believe - and this is also shown in the way the conclusions have been drafted - that the Commission must take account of what is adopted by this Parliament, particularly in the face of an interim revision of these directives.
 I say to Members of the Liberal Group - we usually see eye to eye, but today, exceptionally, we do not - that we have to set a flat rate of compensation for two reasons: firstly, the prejudice suffered by anyone who is denied boarding is always the same, whether they have paid EUR 150, EUR 500 or more for their ticket.
 Subject: Financial control problems in Nicaragua I visited Nicaragua from 17-21 February and was alarmed to find, when I went to the Commission office in Waspam Rio Coco that no work appeared to be carried out and the people at the office were watching television; a caretaker showed us round and said the project manager had gone to Managua in December and had not returned. The skeleton staff had not been paid for several months, there were no files in the filing cabinet, the Land Rover outside had lost its spare tyre and was not properly locked and another Commission car was lying wrecked in another part of the village.
 In my opinion, this is an impossible criterion for granting aid, given the current situation. Remember, only one act of terrorism committed by an Albanian or Serb is all it takes to cause a setback within an entire region.
 I am an English lawyer. I am not entitled to practise law in Scotland, and that means I could not plead before a Scottish court unless I went through special procedures.
 That I regard as very helpful and a good sign for the future.
 After all, different media, including the weekly magazine , have also reminded us that Flemish managers warned the Belgian Government that Belgium, and thus Flemish industry – which is already being weighed down by excessive labour costs – has been placed in a bad light in the United States.
 The preparatory work will be carried out at administrative level by a group of officials of the rank of director, coordinated by the Secretary-General.
 A minor key.
 If we can inject a spirit of entrepreneurial activity into our poor and structurally weak regions we will eventually get them back onto the road of attracting substantial investor confidence, which will be the key to success.
 That is why we decided in the committee even before the summer break that we would enter into detailed consultations now in the first reading, complete the normal procedure of first and second readings and then await the Council's common position.
 However, in a world in which both parents may be frantically fighting their way into a busy career rat race, a world in which both parents may be consumed in the daily fight of earning more, a world in which the forces of social strain may have destroyed family cohesion, a world in which geographical separation may have diminished the invaluable assistance of grandparents and other close family members - in such a world parental childcare may suffer severely.
 Its adoption could lead to a dramatic fall in income for the eleven million people earning a living from cocoa in West Africa and for all the producing regions.
 I personally would not expect either myself or anyone else in the European Union to accept a situation in which the varnish on the door of a private house soon flakes just as quickly as the paints on the wall of the house fade.
 This is not so much about learning from what is happening before our eyes but about taking action against those Member States who are guilty of not submitting to the obligations of a text that now constitutes a vice that is holding back economic revival in an unsustainable way.
 I am convinced that this seventh amendment offers the industry a new range of opportunities for research and development of new products, which, while guaranteeing their effectiveness and above all their safety, will need to be tested on animals.
 The range of vehicles has been transformed by innovation in battery technology.
 Tourism must therefore be thought of as the whole range of goods and services required by individuals moving from their habitual place of residence and thus confers mobility, the characteristic feature of contemporary society.
 It has also made it clear that it may wish to extend the range of data being collected by Member States at a later stage.
 This is the most detailed and comprehensive report to date on the environmental effects of the Kosovo conflict and I recommend it to those who have not yet studied it.
 On the other hand - and here I do agree with you - we do not want a criminal court to be no more than a rubber stamp in the hands of the major powers.
 We have an important part to play in the Community in the European Union in this regard.
 More generally speaking, the proposal to set up a research foundation has already been made to the Commission on several occasions, in particular in the course of the discussion in the Council, but it was rejected.
 We aim to push on with reform of the financial markets, with regard to which the important Lamfalussy report will provide the foundation for discussions in Stockholm.
 I hope now that the meeting of political and economic leaders will be the first page in a book in which young people from universities, schools and businesses will also play their part.
 We have kicked the ball back.
 I have no crystal ball to see where the multilateral talks in the DDA will go from where we left them in July.
 Nevertheless, a scale published by the, measuring the results achieved by the candidate countries joining this year and in coming years, shows that the first candidate countries joining the European Union in May get an overall score of 80%, whereas Croatia is only at 50%.
 On approaching them, I decided to kneel down and to sit on the floor and they said to me as I went to sit, ‘You cannot sit on the floor.
 Secondly, we passed punishable offences to the courts in a one-off show of strength during the last parliamentary term.
 The October episode and the one-off show of unity that it gave rise to left one in no doubt.
 I wanted to ask the Commissioner whether it is true that soldiers of the NATO armed forces now stationed in that region undergo special controls against nuclear radiation and that the same measures are not applied to civilians living in the area?
 I voted for the Atkins report because it is extremely important for pensioners, who do not have much time left, to arrive at their destination on time when they travel by air as they are always short of time.
 The result of this economic boom has transformed China into the world's fourth-largest exporter and, as we have seen in today's earlier debate, has made it extremely competitive in a number of industrial sectors.
 Patents have already been requested for ideas that are not new, such as the mouse click to carry out a command or the inequality operator in open source software, and for other unoriginal ideas that are today used in practically every software package in circulation.
 It prefers the click of the rifle to the click of the camera.
 EU funds are not a horn of plenty that can constantly finance measures within the agricultural sphere.
 This agreement turned out to be a mere scrap of paper.
 Madam President, the Council Presidency' s tour of capitals has identified three areas about which the President-in-Office has spoken this morning: asylum and immigration, the fight against cross-border crime and the establishment of a European judicial area.
 If we take all these aspects together we have the potential of really doing something in Europe and maybe extending the tourism season by staggering holidays right across Europe.
 I object to the fact that we are cutting back the time for Question Time; it is one of the few occasions when backbenchers have a chance to get their time on the floor and I do ask you to extend it to one and a half hours as is on the agenda.
 Enlargement has been described as a problem area, and in it we have a number of things to sort out both internally and externally; whilst Mr Ferber says that there are calls to rethink the relationship between Categories 7 and 8, we must also note that, as opposed to the original estimates, on the basis of which we assumed that the first six States could be added as early as 2002, this position has of course changed, and that is something we have to be allowed to discuss.
 If you had trouble getting on a higher education course in Austria for example, because you were of a certain race, this place would have been in a complete uproar.
 Neither government must forget that we are accountable to the court of public opinion.
 Those who trust in the idea that, thanks to official equality and the passage of time, self-regulatory mechanisms will work in favour of social balance, are mistaken, because they do not appreciate the fact that, although equality before the law and equality of opportunity are necessary conditions, they are not sufficient in themselves.
 I simply wish to remind you that the European Parliament has already sent a letter to the three kings through its reports.
 As Commissioner Barnier has stated, it is as important to comply with the spirit of additionality as with the letter of the law.
 However, I was disappointed with the nature of the proposal for the establishment of a European food authority in the recent White Paper.
 Smoking was completely forbidden in the meeting room itself.
 We booked her a hotel room with disabled people's access.
 I should like to spotlight one project which is of extreme importance to me, as someone from Flanders and Antwerp: the Iron Rhine, the railway connection between the port of Antwerp and the Ruhr area, a railway line which already exists and which therefore does not need to be constructed, and which only needs modernising and re-commissioning.
 We must also encourage stronger competition on the local telephone markets to make Internet connection cheaper.
 Mr President, my voting machine is making a very strange noise and it has a lot of lights on it.
 A recent opinion poll conducted by the showed that more than 71% of Germans think that Islam is intolerant; 91% of Germans equate Islam with violence against women.
 This is essential to ensure that when the voters go to the polls in June, they know what they are voting for, namely a strong and united Europe with a strong Commission and Commission President.
 One day, the chess player’s teacher wished to teach the champion a lesson and, with a swipe of his hand, threw all the pieces from the chess board and said: "Now, with the board empty, invent the great move".
 The solution we have reached is to create a board of directors which will oversee and politically be the managerial part of running the new office or EuropeAid or whatever SCR is going to be called.
 In the meantime, our notice board and computer are going wrong.
 We would like to see a job-funded pass for public transport, in other words, we want to prove ourselves to be responsible from both a financial and an environmental policy point of view.
 As you say, undoubtedly both the Spanish and the French governments will have to consider alternatives, because for that great central Pyrenean pass we are talking in terms of around 2015 to 2020, that is, in 15-20 years time, and this type of project has to be planned that far in advance and they have to be dealt with and initiated within that timescale.
 However, what we can show, structurally, is that, for the last year or so we have had a civilian control and planning instrument on the Council side and  that there is now a clear chain of command from the building over there right down to those who have to carry out operations on the ground.
 The structure and control of the operation are vital to the command of the operation.
 The market favours the short term and immediate profits.
 If we all work together properly on that, and if the Council is well disposed, we will manage to get this report adopted by the end of this Parliamentary term - I think, at second reading stage or perhaps after a conciliation procedure - and then legal certainty will have been created.
 Instead of using the opportunity to apply maximum pressure to gain reform, we seem determined to set it on a conveyor belt to automatic accession.
 We voted last week to support the funding of uncontroversial stem-cell research using placenta, umbilical cord and adult stem cells.
 Mr President, our committee views these issues very differently and, to start, I will speak from the point of view of research.
 We may recall that the European Consumers' Association, which represents the consumers of the European Union, carried out an extensive survey of charges for cross-border payments only last year.
 I call on them urgently to act decisively against Laskar Jihad and this offshoot of Al-Qaeda, as there is no time to lose.
 The declared platform of the party that won the elections and formed the government does not conform to my platform and the commitments and prior agreements of the Palestinian Authority.
 There are some considerable differences in approach to this Mediterranean product, famous for its dietary qualities and effects on the health of consumers: some defend the European olive oil production policy, in order to protect Europe's position as world leader in terms of production.
 The BBC this morning reported that a British Member of this House, holding a senior position within his delegation, continues to offer strategic advice to private clients, but does not state in the Register of Interests who these clients are.
 A change of gear in the European Union's strategy is necessary and urgent.
 Everyone in it needs to put themselves into reverse gear in order to get back out again, or else the troops will end up being sent in.
 In yesterday's debate in the European Parliament some Members of this Parliament expressed worry that we were interfering in the internal affairs of a Member State.
 I continue to ponder this question, Vice-President, as I ponder the question of the appointment of senior Commission officials - officials or chefs de cabinet - who then unexpectedly book a flight and, via some European airport, London rather than Malpensa, desert the Commission for the private sector.
 We reject Amendment No 13 because it intends to assign the representative of the terminal the task of checking that standards for the installation of the voyage data recorder are complied with.
 The Council has taken a decision, though, without walking the most basic democratic path first.
 We can hardly talk about freedom of movement on this tiny strip of land which has its own sense of time and observes customs and traditions which date back thousands of years.
 The biggest tragedy is that most of the population lived on the very coastal strip that was completely devastated.
 In a similar vein, making insurance purchase easier and more competitive, by enabling citizens to get their insurance claim records delivered to them wherever they have had insurance previously, so that they can use their past clean record to gain important price and coverage benefits for their insurance is an important benefit.
 In other words, the current system of exchanging criminal records is not effective.
 It has a record of assisting peace and prosperity among European nations and beyond, when history seemed to insist that such a goal amounted to little more than a flight of fancy.
 What is certain is that many other executions will be performed at an increasingly high rate before August in Virginia and other States, in particular Texas, whose governor - who will almost certainly be the next President of the United States of America - holds the world record of having put 132 human beings to death in the last five years.
 According to the UK Marine Accident Investigation Branch, the reluctance to accept the value of data recorders and take positive measures to fit them in merchant vessels is "a contributory factor to the poor safety record of someships sailing today".
 Whether happiness can be found in a can of caffeine I do not know - it would not be my favourite tipple.
 This is a Belgian government measure which flies in the face of the Schengen Treaty.
 Which national fund will pay for my end-of-life vehicle?
 We are now also faced with climate change, and the Greenland seal needs the ice sheet in order to be able to suckle her young.
 Rather than putting on a purely and opportunely political display achieved through repressive measures, I call on the Member States to build a real Europe of solidarity.
 She must feel as if she is receiving a bouquet of flowers.
 In my view, we are dealing with a problem of definitions in the case of therapeutic cloning. Is it permissible for the nucleus of an ovum of mine, combined with a skin cell, to serve at some point in the future to make a heart cell for me?
 Mr President, Commissioner, Madam Minister, I am speaking on the Zabell and Mennea reports today in my dual role as a Member of the European Parliament and as president of a professional basketball club which takes part in the major European competitions.
 Allow me to supplement his press review with some news.
 But we also know - or at least those who have been town councillors will know - that our shops are located in tightly confined premises in the centres of our towns and cities and do not have the capacity to build even a small shed for the storage of old television sets, not to mention the fact that such a facility would most probably have to be made explosion-proof too.
 Would the President-in-Office agree with me that if the Council were to set these clear benchmarks, which we have laid out in our resolution, then we would avoid risking acquiescence in the process which Abacha is so clearly engaged in and that will result in a civilian glove covering the military fist that Abacha has applied for so long?
 A blanket of fog covered the Chinese capital during the day, causing delays and cancellations of domestic and international flights and the closure of highways.
 We know, and we have stated as much in very many resolutions indeed, including specifically during the last plenary part-session of last year, that this is not solely a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his findings.
 Grain legumes are a traditional crop in certain areas of southern Europe, including Spain and, more specifically, Castilla-La Mancha, the region I come from, which contains one third of the total area dedicated to these crops in Spain.
 It is in this spirit that our parliamentary committee for example, has championed the longstanding idea of a public register of state aid, accessible via the Internet.
 There are too many rights, too many regulations and too little room for leadership.
 One day later, on Sunday 2 February, a police officer accompanied by a colleague and two drunken 'witnesses' disrupted the morning service of the non-registered Baptist community in Leninogorsk.
 In particular, I would draw Parliament's attention to the case of Ron Arad, an Israeli air force officer who, in 1986, was captured by a Shi'ite militia group in Lebanon.
 Does he agree that if governments have money to spare they should not use it as a tax break for the alcohol and tobacco industries?
 According to the Eurostat forecasts, the population in the 15 to 64 age bracket will be reduced by one million persons per year after 2010.
 This aid for gathering timber is, of course, only the first stage of an aid package, which will take the form of aid for reforestation and aid for the development of rural areas.
 It is a kind of tax haven of the skies, with exemption from VAT and fuel tax being the most serious aspect of this.
 That might well mean a cut in income for individual farmers, in other words, individual farmers will have to pay for the crisis.
 The risk of duplication remains: once again, priority areas are designated, and even the sea bed has been drawn back into the debate.
 It is as if they had been bitten by a millennium bug which sets the clock back to 1980 and before.
 Next time such Members of Parliament who have spoken on this matter meet Minister Primarolo, they might perhaps give her a piece of their mind and tell her that she has wasted four years of her time in trying to stamp out fiscal competition.
 On a procedural level there are also a great many snags, as a Member State which refuses an export licence must inform the others, but the length of time allowed for this is not defined.
 The accident off the Galapagos Islands is just the latest in a string of disasters with devastating effects on nature and on human populations.
 As I see it, consumers are quite right to be alarmed by the serious problems we have had recently, the string of scandals that have already been mentioned -  BSE, dioxin, Nitrofen - it is a very long list.
 It is a State run by ignorance using the stick of religion, of which they know little, to cower and terrorise their own people.
 In bullfighting, the iron spike could easily be replaced by an electronic stick which, when it came into contact with the animal, could produce the same effect in terms of spectacle.
 Following a period of freedom, he has again been imprisoned and is being denied the proper medical care he needs following the severe injuries he suffered in the attempt on his life in 1998.
 On the other hand, however, we must take care not to classify certain peoples in a particular manner.
 Economic policy cannot offer a solution to the rise in oil prices either, and must, in addition, be subject to a rise in the cost of capital.
 The room was oval and around the trunk of the tree, which by now was a bit thinner, but still impressive.
 The elephant's trunk is a proboscis.
 Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I am glad that I was able to listen to the last debate because, as you perhaps know, Mr President, I have always taken an interest in institutional matters and I was astounded to learn that the length of a pig's tail is a comitology issue.
 It all adds up to a sorry story, Commissioner, and you cannot put a positive spin on it.
 When I took on the responsibility as shadow rapporteur for the PPE-DE Group, I made enquiries of experts in the various organisations, non-governmental organisations, Ministries and in the Commission, but I also asked people who are confronted with this issue on a daily basis, for example a computer dealer who is a friend of mine.
 It is foolish to operate as a weapons dealer and to work towards increasing the number of uranium treatment facilities.
 Finally, a few words on the campaign which all Members of Parliament have been forced to endure in the last few weeks and months; this is a campaign through which a single producer and dealer of vitamin products has been pursuing interests of a purely economic nature.
 The concept of Customs personnel now being required to wear an EU badge is quite alien to us.
 Let us not forget that the producers in third-party countries which are not subject to the same disciplines in their own markets can build up reserves and use them as a launch pad to conquer Europe.
 I would also ask you whether you believe that any other European head of government has ever been reminded of these principles by the Commission when they were elected.
 An individual who buys a new recreational craft after 2005 will be able to use it on all waters.
 A detailed evaluation of the landing gear retraction system in this type of aircraft led the EASA to conclude that the safety of the aircraft was not in doubt.
 This means that democrats must stand together in fundamental consensus against any form of extremism, not only against right-wing, but also against left-wing extremists.
 This is, after all, not a barracks or a military academy, this is a house of representatives, and parliamentarians are being refused access to their own Parliament in a particularly arrogant, insolent way by real machos.
 I should like to conclude by commenting on a third matter which is also of significance, namely an amendment by a Member of Parliament, Mr Ari Vatanen.
 We have requested the adoption of a quality label for online service providers so that users can easily check whether or not a certain provider subscribes to a code of conduct, as well as the creation of filters and effective age verification systems.
 The substance of the food scare was based on a highly misleading piece of research published in the American journal PCB and dioxin levels in Scottish salmon are significantly lower than the threshold set by the EU, the Food Standards Agency, the US Food and Drug Administration and the World Health Organisation.
 The directive should take a stand and insist that the use of these marker genes is stopped now.
 Hydroelectric power in the Nordic countries is an environmentally friendly and natural energy source that can often be produced at a competitive price, as is the case at present, thanks to a good water supply.
 Lessons learned from a lemonade stand.
 Mr President, the proportion of freight transported by rail within the EU has almost halved over the last thirty years.
 Amendment No 3 refers to the setting of prices by the producer - the resale price - in certain cases, such as the launch of the product.
 A shaft of light scattered by dust particles in the Antelope Canyon in the United States.
 A worker died today after falling from a height of thirty feet down the shaft of an elevator in a hotel.
 In mechanical engineering it is known as a drive shaft or transmission shaft.
 If they had produced what they were asked to this time, it would be the smallest piece of paper with the least written on it of anything produced because the intentions for investment in Western Europe in nuclear power are practically nil.
 Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, overwhelmed by the tragic events in Rwanda, Belgium adopted a law some time ago which makes it possible to punish the people behind genocide on its own territory. However, this is only one piece of legislation.
 Are we prepared to tolerate that for the sake of a slice of salami in our sandwich?
 We can make sure that in Europe, we have a slice of this cake and everyone involved will benefit.
 A snippet of news.
 Items such as purses and umbrellas are considered accessories rather than articles of clothing.
 This is just a quote from a newspaper article which appeared last week, commenting on the Union' s development policy.
 I believe I am one of the few members of this Parliament to have stood beside a production line and assembled cars.
 The share that renewable energy sources have in total energy production must be increased, but it has to be done in a rational manner.
 Such legal assurances came in many forms, such as the golden share, so that there is a case, I suppose, to argue that the golden share has not always been an impediment but may have actually helped politically the privatisation process.
 To take cover.
 The cover of a recent issue of the Economist was headed 'The disappearing taxpayer'; it was about the phenomenon of mobility, which whittles away the tax base.
 Mr President, last week's incident in Gaza, when an IDF shell mistakenly struck Beit Hanoun causing the death of 19 innocent Palestinians, is clearly tragic.
 There are countries which do not have the shell of the tortoise.
 This provides us with some degree of protection against the constant insinuations we have heard over the last few days that Members are a pack of thieves who exploit their assistants and use phantom posts to line their own pockets.
 The spread of an epidemic as the result of bringing in one sick animal can have huge consequences for farmers.
 To avoid any confusion, the designation that this product has been irradiated for hygienic reasons may suffice, just as it is stated on a carton of milk that the latter has been pasteurised.
 If the European Union needs a severe electric shock to get the economy and employment back in a virtuous circle, it must do so with similar objectives but using a method that is completely different from that of the Lisbon Strategy.
 The combination lock is a tool that schools use to help students keep their belongings secure and private.
 These courses will set uniform standards of achievements and excellence, with the European Union’s seal of approval.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the natural gas supply cut in January resulted in heavy losses for a few European countries, especially Bulgaria.
 Remember your astonishment that both the sending and the receiving bank want their cut in commission for performing this elementary task in the electronic age.
 To come to the substance of the issue, on the budget it is completely unacceptable that the EU should be offering a budget cut in comparison to former years, particularly at this moment in our relationship with South Africa.
 But we would like the statement of assurance of the Court of Auditors in relation to the revenue side of the budget and administration to be clearer.
 The Netherlands are on one side of the street and Germany is on the other and if you rob a bank on the German side and escape to the Dutch side in time, then you are lucky because no German police is allowed to follow you.
 A lot of this is going to have to be carried out by farmers, and when they come to read those tags, it is has got to be practically done up the side of a mountain in wet conditions, and all sorts of things.
 Similarly, what right has the French government to give lectures on freedom of the press when, six days ago, the editor of a newspaper, Mr Debeketsch, was prosecuted merely for holding certain opinions, arrested, and taken in handcuffs to a police station where he was stripped and then body-searched?
 I was the editor of a pamphlet in the '80s which spoke about the pan-European agreements that were being forged vis-à-vis the participatory democratic relationships inside companies.
 We are laying down a solid body of work, a solid body of information and some very important precedents as we move towards the setting up and launching of the new chemicals policy that we expect to come from the Commission very soon.
 Peipsi is a border lake whose situation is very specific, it is not an internal body of water.
 It is a good collection of reports, which takes us several steps forward, and I congratulate everyone who has been involved.
 From childhood he was a farm worker, he looked after his family’s herd of llama, he worked as a brickmaker, a bricklayer, a baker and a trumpet player.
 I regret that the President of this Parliament diminished his office by joining the left-wing herd in what, however it is dressed up, amounts to a denial of the Commission-designate's right of freedom of thought and speech.
  This is the case in Yellowstone Park, home of the last herd of buffalo.
 There is also a parallel with our nation-states: in Brussels a pack of cigarettes now costs EUR 4.30, of which EUR 3.30 goes as excise duty to the Belgian State, which spends a few million on anti-tobacco information programmes.
 One day, though, a jumbo jet or the new and large - by European standards - Airbus will be emitting less noise than a flock of crows.
 In committee, I formulated a passage in my report which the Commission, remarkably, emphatically supports, and along the lines of which it intends to go forward.
 If we could agree to incorporate this step that you propose into a rider to the Constitution, covering many fields including democracy, social powers and individual responsibility for security, then we need not destroy the constitutional process.
 We want to continue along the successful European path to growth and employment and a functioning internal market, to hasten our progress and supplement this with the necessary measures.
 It is like the obstruction of a blood vessel which supplies the heart with blood.
 I have lost count of the number of debates that I have taken part in on the Middle East over the last two and a half years.
 The true and competitive price of a product, commodity or service, is arrived at when a price tag is also put on the harm to the environment it causes.
 The fundamental element for the development of each person - his freedom, which comes before economic gain - is thus enhanced.
 Although it is difficult for Europe to speak with one voice about the peace process, it can and must speak in the same spirit of confidence and solidarity.
 For example, one wonders how a development partnership will prove its cooperative spirit or its representative capacity, as required by action 2 in paragraph 33 of the guidelines.
 In the 1930s, the gold standard and protectionism contributed to a deepening of the recession.
 There is a secondary effect of bad governance and that is the lack of external investment into these countries which denies them the chance of improved prosperity, better employment prospects and a higher standard of living.
 I ask you, colleagues, as a mark of respect for the deceased Queen Mother, to observe one minute's silence.
 This only needs officials to attend the meetings. We know that the work of the IGC will be drawn to a close by the French Presidency at the end of this year but it would surely be justified for ideas and projects to already exist which had the mark of the Presidency.
 It is nothing less than hypocritical to condemn the flagrant violation of human rights that occurs in non-EU countries if we are not prepared to extend a helping hand to those genuine refugees and asylum-seekers, whose position is now becoming more difficult in the EU.
 But Greece's entire economic policy is already being drawn up on the basis of the assumption that there will be a large budgetary surplus rather than equilibrium, as you said, and that unemployment will fall. At the same time, there are absolutely no data concerning Greece in all the statistics on the Union.
 Bangladesh has a trade surplus with the EU.
 The history of the weather forecast is ancient, but the paradigms and techniques used have changed significantly.
 Indeed, it is good to note that the forecast of 3% growth for the year 2000, which could have seemed rather bold when the Commission announced it in November 1999, now has a serious chance of being achieved, even in the context of continued inflation, since the peak of 2% for the euro zone in January, nevertheless remains quite minor compared with the past.
 Paragraph 11 indicates that symbolic measures can replace the shared political outlook represented by applicant status.
 Here is a quote, an excerpt from the shadow cabinet's statement at the beginning of the Beslan crisis.
 On 5 July 2004, the EU Troika – consisting of the Netherlands, the UK and the Commission – handed an amicus curiae brief to the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs in support of the motion for the reconsideration of the case.
 Today' s political statement on this issue was very positive indeed, and one which I welcome.
 However, possession of an identity card may also be considered as a means of citizens' protection: it is proof of their entitlement to exercise a right.
 The amendments rely on the presentation of a proof of insurance at the border, but since the phase-out of cross-border checks following Schengen, this no longer provides such a guarantee.
 That is the political core of the challenge and I think you have identified it well before this House today.
 I might add that it is generally not the core of a fruit that is interesting, but its pulp, so creating a smaller core Europe is not a way out.
 What would be better by far is if you were to come to an agreement with ourselves on the alternative compromise, symbolised by the core of this apple.
 This debate is therefore added at the top of the order of business.
 The tops of these trees are usually more spherical or cylindrical and less pyramidal.
 Access to medicines, for example, has been lifted to the top of the agenda in EU-US relations as well as in multilateral fora.
 Whether or not they were on top of the world plays no part whatsoever in this song, but it does in this report.
 Gregorian chant scores are written in Tetragrammaton.
 This visit has been an exceptional demonstration of the understanding that can be achieved between all parties.
 She could not be here because she was arrested yesterday morning during an anti-nuclear demonstration in Glasgow.
 They were foolishly and prematurely admitted to government in Northern Ireland, only to launch their 'Stormontgate' spy ring within that government.
 There are Member countries, but countries which have a relationship of increasing active cooperation with the countries around them, with the ring of friends.
 If we do not want the courts needed for genocide and recurrent crimes against humanity to be wrongly denigrated as victor's justice or one-off justice, then we need a permanent criminal court to which all are equally subject, large and small states alike, whatever the nationality of the perpetrator or criminal.
 It is to the world' s shame that Mr Milosevic has not been tried in court for his war crimes and that he is allowed to continue his attacks upon freedom, peace, democracy and the free press.
 Is there currently a sufficient legal basis for justifying, in legal terms, the creation of a specifically Community-wide criminal law which, although it might be called subsidiary, will always clash with the practice, and in certain areas, with the traditional, separate criminal law of the Member States?
 Thirdly, the members of the Joint Operations Committee - the military gang that is behind Mugabe - should be put on notice that they will be held responsible for the systematic atrocities against the people of Zimbabwe.
 We are not a gang of con men whose activities have to be stopped.
 Sunday strips (in English, sunday strip), which usually fill the entire page and in color.
 If Khin Nyunt is transferred to chief administrator of the Burmese windsurfing squad to visit my own constituency in Weymouth in 2012, he should not be given a visa.
 In Greece, Mr President, I am guarded by the anti-terrorist squad because I am considered to be a target for Greek terrorists.
 A very realistic fire drill is absolutely necessary, then, before we perhaps discover that there is a real fire. In that way, we might at least be a little prepared and be able to find our way out of the building, as well as see if there are enough emergency exits.
 Mr President, there has only been one victim of this afternoon's emergency drill and that is the answer to the question Mr Morillon asked the Commission, to which the Commission must, of course, reply!.
 Mr President, Commissioner, as well as thanking Mrs Thorning-Schmidt for her work on this report, I would like to make one observation. When we see, for example, someone working with a pneumatic drill on the street, or a tractor driver sitting behind the steering wheel on a farm, these people - and I am not speaking as an expert in these matters - are probably not aware that they are facing a risk that could have serious consequences to their health.
 Will that already begin to impact possibly in some form of amendment to the budget exercise which the Parliament will have to close in the last quarter of this year in respect of the budget for 2001 and can you already say whether the Commission anticipates such a procedure?
 This situation has been made even worse by the reserve of appropriations that the Commission is building up for itself, which, when taken in conjunction with specific actions, in fact leaves the organisations with only EUR 3 million, which is obviously a very limited amount.
 I am talking about Mannheim and the arena for World Cup football that is being built there.
 The first is what will the political scene in Israel be like after the elections on 6 February?
 The Director of the National Museum in Ireland has called for a complete archaeological excavation, but, given that Minister Roche has been deaf to all expert advice so far, there is a real risk that this unique Neolithic site will be lost.
 The same concern for visibility and transparency leads me to support the creation of an interactive Internet site so that people can access useful information about the project.
 Moreover, this provision applies to the planning for new industrial sites, for new housing zones, and does not retroactively apply to existing situations, such as Toulouse, where increasing density of population has led residential areas to continually spread closer to an industrial site that has existed since the 1920s.
 If we do not even have the courage for that, if we believe that Europe means having a single currency, a bit of agriculture and - why not? - a spot of fishing, but do not share these principles, and by that I mean the rejection of ethnic cleansing in Europe at least, then it becomes meaningless to call ourselves Europeans.
 The aim should be to create a single aviation protection area, which implies a single passenger and baggage check at the start of the journey, not at each transfer as well.
 These have been the most important moments in the Council's expression of its political will to establish an area of freedom, security and justice in the European Union.
 Even some Members of the Commission still imagine that economic development in the long term can be adjusted simply by adding a dash of environment.
 We therefore warmly welcome the current debate, even though - as the President has mentioned - it has been tucked away in an evening slot and has very few participants.
 Communication and Networking Riser, or CNR, is an expansion slot on the motherboard for communications devices such as modems or network cards.
 If you give me the ball to kick off, I am sure I will not stop until I score a goal!
 At the corner of a house, we were again surrounded by soldiers who pointed their rifles at us.
 It is an official language of the European Union and yet the interpretation booth up there is empty.
 Meanwhile, we have to offer the Commission a vote of confidence.
 People who are humiliated can one day deliver a vote of no confidence to the Commission.
 Given that a large part of Western Europe is in the grip of a very cold spell right now, a debate on global warming is perhaps a little ill-timed.
 We must prevent this brain drain by actively concluding agreements between sectors and countries, by promoting circular migration, whereby people return to their home countries following a short spell abroad, by training and transferring knowledge and by creating better working conditions.
 The Commission particularly welcomes the inclusion of provisions that deal with new or modern investigative techniques, given their effectiveness in fighting the form of crime that is best placed to take advantage of the opening of borders - organised crime.
 For the economic and multinational groups, the most important factor was achieved: the opening of negotiations for greater liberalisation of world trade, postponed in Seattle and openly called into question this year by world organisations, namely those which were present at the World Social Forum of Porto Alegre and at Genoa.
 To that end we need a clear division of tasks and responsibilities between the Commission and NRAs, as is rightly advocated in Mr Paasilinna' s report.
 Where I cannot commit myself is on your reference to legislative work in the social security area which, as you know, is not included in the articles of the Treaty and there is no legal basis for social security questions in the Treaty.
 As recently as today, someone has placed an explosive charge by the monument erected in Srebrenica in memory of all the victims.
 Mr President, Commissioner, Madam Minister, I am speaking on the Zabell and Mennea reports today in my dual role as a Member of the European Parliament and as president of a club which takes part in the major European competitions.
 There is a very real link between the reform process in the Commission as such, and our ability to deliver on the ground which is the basis of the deal with the ACP countries.
 Thirteen million hectares per year or one football pitch per second - that is the area of forest which is disappearing from the world each year.
 The pandemic threat of seasonal flu, which afflicts primates and humans alike, from the runny nose of at Cro-Magnon to insalubrious Napoleonic sneezing, is being met by the deadly virus of those bent on creating panic for the benefit of speculators and scoundrels.
 I know it will also increase the size of the European Union as a trading block which in time will ensure that the Union as an economic entity becomes more competitive.
 They have had their eighteenth birthdays this year, 2001, which is the year which has seen the most extreme world violence, but it is also the year in which many of the world' s young people have gained the ability to exercise their full rights and responsibilities in coming of age.
 Mr President, the horrifying images and tragic personal stories following the earthquake of 8 October might have left our television screens and the front pages of our newspapers, but let us not forget the need for urgent aid is just as great, particularly because of the onset of winter.
 However, on a critical note, it must be said that more than 12 months have now passed since the appearance of the first symptoms of the crisis last year and the onset of the crisis itself at the start of this year.
 In this way they are polluting the waters and may be spreading fish diseases, especially into the mouth of the Tenojoki river.
 An inappropriately lax monetary policy would not create better conditions for the emergence of a new economy.
 Because we know that the new economy will, of course, foster the emergence of new jobs for creative staff, for IT staff.
 This should serve as a guarantee for the receiving state that the employee or self-employed person will return to the sending state once the contract is completed and that they will be covered under insurance law in the event of illness or accident.
 What had originally been meant to be a conventional United Nations event became a meeting on a significantly broader scale, and one that, it is to be hoped, will promote future coordination of its principal participants and cooperation between them.
 It seems to me that a very strong intellectual and political case is made that unless we are prepared to spend more in these areas, the consequences on the trans-Atlantic alliance in terms of the difference in technological capacity are bound, in due course, to be destabilising.
 The thread of consistency in all of these measures is the primacy of politics itself.
 I would also point out that chromium VI is a carcinogenic and mutagenic substance which is suspected of causing lung cancer and cancer of the respiratory tract as a result of its presence in dust.
 In the meantime, there is now absolutely no dispute, scientifically, about the fact that foreign genetic material can pass into the gastro-intestinal tract via food, without being fully decomposed.
 First, financial management and control within the Commission must be improved.
 But the vertical legislation in Directive 90/220 on how to carry out the environmental risk assessment of GMOs has changed since then and is still changing.
 Every time there is a debate on biotechnology or genetic manipulation the man in the street mistakenly thinks of that horrible picture of a mouse with a human ear grafted on to it.
 The European Union will oppose any spurious attempt to use this reform of the Human Rights Commission' s activities to limit its capacity for intervention by restricting its sphere of influence and its ongoing monitoring of all human rights issues at world level.
 And the chief executives and managers of the multinationals who make the important decisions displaying the callous disregard for the consequences would face the proposal of not only seeing their businesses maybe in some cases closed down because of heavy fines and seizure of assets and so on, but they themselves could face imprisonment.
 Recent events in Kosovo have completed the ethnic cleansing, with the expulsion of the remaining Serbs and gypsies and the seizure of their property.
 The video for "All Of The Lights" by Kanye West, Rihanna and Kid Cudi had to be released with a warning at the beginning of a video about the risk of epileptic seizures due to its sudden and repeated color changes.
 The veterinary experts remain of the view that the restrictions on animal movements will, in time, limit the potential spread of the disease.
 Those who carried out that deed will probably not listen to any words of condemnation that I say. But I have to say this: they can never succeed - they cannot win - because it is the democratic process in Northern Ireland that has spoken, and that must win.
 The visitors were evacuated on October 7, 2005 after a bomb scare.
 Sustainable energy is often associated with small-scale solutions: a solar panel on every roof and a few windmills in every village.
 It is only the tip of the iceberg or a Pandora' s box which has been open for a long time.
 On the pretext of contributing to building a European immigration and asylum policy, this resolution' s standpoint has nothing to do with freedom for the nationals of poor countries to travel and possibly settle in Europe, but is all about bolstering the slave trade which involves regulating the flow of immigrants as a function of demand from the manufacturing companies of Europe.
 Apart from applications based on the transmission and reception of radio signals, there are also 'passive' applications which just receive signals emitted by natural phenomena.
 The Iron Curtain and the Berlin wall were brought down by information provided by the international community and the consequent need for freedom.
 Unregulated bottom gear can also reach submerged mountains or seamounts, bulldozing their way across the ocean floor and destroying all life in their path.
 The directive is intended to establish a frame of reference which, in accordance with the subsidiarity principle, leaves the detailed implementation to the Member States.
 Surely, the US and the European Union governments can agree on one item, and that is simply that the use of greenhouse gases depletes the ozone layer which results in higher sea levels and more coastal erosion, and affects the living environment of island communities.
 However, outside the question regarding the effects on stocks and stocking levels, and the new rules and regulations with regard to fishing effort and everything else, there is a further layer of bureaucracy which has a direct impact on the fishermen’s ability to make a living.
 In Denmark we have a rich vein of gold underground: clean groundwater.
 You return home to find that you have waved goodbye to the deposit of several thousand pounds and the company you dealt with is a worthless shell, constituted in some offshore haven.
 A mineral deposit is one site in which the quality and quantity of minerals present warrants further study.
 Europe has decided to commit itself to being a confident society with a stake in the future.
 The texts and our attitudes should be brought into line with today's society, but we should not lose that which has been the key to the vault of  construction.
 This being the purpose of this report, I congratulate its rapporteur, Mr Deva.
 As Mr von Wogau said at the start of the debate, at the end of the day competition is not an abstract concept: it is in the public interest and forms the basis of the social market economy.
 In the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy we are spending money on favouring the Euro; it should also favour the family and family values, parenthood; we should eliminate a certain hedonistic and materialist life style which is latent in the substratum of modern society.
 Mr Harbour will be familiar with my view that as a consequence of making that central and measurable change, subject continually to examination, we will get a reverberating change of culture in the wider managerial style and operation of the House.
 It has been well documented that air transport is a very safe mode of transport and this should, and must, remain the case.
 The entry into force of the treaties and their final form is, however, in addition to this recommendation, dependent on implementation by the parties themselves.
 What stuck most in my mind was the 40% difference between electronic goods sold in Sweden and those sold in Germany, which are almost neighbours, apart from the stretch of water between them.
 Eucalyptus bark.
 Onomatopoeia of the bark of a dog, or emotion.
 Weddell seal pup.
 It would be more natural to hold the best pupil in the class up as a model. That was how it was when I was at school.
 For example, while the average level of public spending per pupil in secondary education in Europe is 100, Germany spends 84.9 and France 131.6.
 Mr President, Chancellor Bismarck, who was no novice in European politics, used the following expression: 'in a three-power system, you must be one of the two powers'.
 I too, like other fellow Members, recently went to Afghanistan with a European Parliament delegation and I can bear witness to the truth of the things reported by Commissioner Patten.
 I have a key witness here.
 The Arctic treasure chest that is opening up is full of economic opportunities, but it poses many environmental and security risks, as well as those connected with the fate of the indigenous peoples.
 At present, some 12% of bathers annually suffer from nausea, from stomach infections, rashes, tightness of the chest or eye or ear infections.
 This will destroy the social aspect of fisheries, which will become the exclusive preserve of fishermen employed by fisheries companies, who will be cut off in their work from their social roots.
 We are addressing them to try to preserve species under renewed threat, species like the Asian pangolin, the gorillas of the Congo, the elephants - through the sale of ivory - and the other species mentioned in the resolution.
 It is ludicrous to think that the average charity shop, flea market or car boot sale can provide the authorities with information about product risks and product origin for second-hand goods acquired from the general public.
 The training of staff moving to the delegations in the different regions is another entry point.
 We shall proceed to vote on the PPE-DE Group' s request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda.
 We have come to a fork in the road where we must decide whether or not territorial cohesion and true sustainable development are the symbols of European policy.
 I cannot understand why, if we have a system of transparency and open competition, how we cannot prevent that from being used as a protectionist smoke screen in the publication of tenders.
 However, on 27 March, along with some 150 parliamentarians, rail-freight operators, officials, police, media and others, but with the noticeable absence of any British or French government ministers, I visited the rail-freight terminal at Fréthun.
 On Sunday, 4 August, Cecilio Gallego Alaria and a six-year-old girl were killed by a car bomb which had been placed near a bus stop in the Spanish town of Santa Pola in Alicante.
 Michelle started on 29 October as a tropical storm off the northern coast of Nicaragua and Honduras, where it caused severe floods.
 I therefore hope that the European Commission will take these arguments into consideration and that Poland will cease to be on the receiving end of a barrage of threats related to this subject.
 A genuine public debate, involving all the peoples in drawing up a charter of rights and a common plan for society, would allow us to make progress towards that.
 However, the discharge of Tritium from the BNFL Sellafield reprocessing plant in Cumbria and Chapelcross Nuclear Power Station, to mention only one discharge, is extremely large - millions of litres of tritiated water and air every year.
